README.md, before:

# miniirc_discord

A wrapper for miniirc ([GitHub], [GitLab]) to allow bots or clients made in
miniirc to connect to (proprietary) [Discord] servers via [discord.py] with
minimal code changes.


## How to use

To use miniirc_discord, you already need to know how to use miniirc ([GitHub],
[GitLab]). Instead of creating a `miniirc.IRC` object, however, you need to
use `miniirc_discord.Discord`. This is very similar, however has some
differences:

 - `ip` is now your Discord token (see [this guide] to get one).
 - `port`, `nick`, `ident` and `realname` are currently ignored, however still
    need to be the expected type (`port` should be `0` or `65536`).

Channels will start in `#` if they are public and are currently just a channel
ID. Before you can send messages into a channel, however, someone needs to send
a message in one of them.

Currently only `PRIVMSG`s (and `CTCP ACTION`s) are supported, however PRs are
welcome.

You can use `AWAY` to set the bot's "Playing" or "Streaming" text. Running this
command with an empty value will unset it.

Some formatting from IRC to Discord should be translated nicely, however
more complex codes and formatting from Discord to IRC are currently not.

## Installation and setting up

You can install `miniirc_discord` with `pip`. On Linux-based systems, you would
do `sudo pip3 install miniirc_discord`. pip's version numbers have the same
`MAJOR` and `MINOR` as miniirc, however `PATCH` may vary.

### Manual installation

To install `miniirc_discord` manually, you can usually place it in the same
directory as your other `.py` files or in a package directory.

You will need to install the following dependencies (normally with `pip3`):
 - `discord.py`
 - `miniirc`

## Getting a bot token

To get a Discord bot token and invite link, see [this guide].

[GitHub]:       https://github.com/luk3yx/miniirc
[GitLab]:       https://gitlab.com/luk3yx/miniirc
[Discord]:      https://discordapp.com
[discord.py]:   https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py
[this guide]:   https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token

Commit message:

Add IRCv3.3 client tags for AWAY

README.md, after:

# miniirc_discord

A wrapper for miniirc ([GitHub], [GitLab]) to allow bots or clients made in
miniirc to connect to (proprietary) [Discord] servers via [discord.py] with
minimal code changes.


## How to use

To use miniirc_discord, you already need to know how to use miniirc ([GitHub],
[GitLab]). Instead of creating a `miniirc.IRC` object, however, you need to
use `miniirc_discord.Discord`. This is very similar, however has some
differences:

 - `ip` is now your Discord token (see [this guide] to get one).
 - `port`, `nick`, `ident` and `realname` are currently ignored, however still
    need to be the expected type (`port` should be `0` or `65536`).

Channels will start in `#` if they are public and are currently just a channel
ID. Before you can send messages into a channel, however, someone needs to send
a message in one of them.

Currently only `PRIVMSG`s (and `CTCP ACTION`s) are supported, however PRs are
welcome.

You can use `AWAY` to set the bot's "Playing" text. Running this
command with an empty value will unset it.

When you run `AWAY`, you can use the IRCv3 client tag `+discordapp.com/type`
and set it to one of the allowed case-insensitive prefixes (`Playing`,
`Streaming`, `Listening to` or `Watching`). Note that setting it to `Streaming`
will set the stream URL to a dummy page.


Some formatting from IRC to Discord should be translated nicely, however
more complex codes and formatting from Discord to IRC are currently not.

## Installation and setting up

You can install `miniirc_discord` with `pip`. On Linux-based systems, you would
do `sudo pip3 install miniirc_discord`. Version numbers should follow SemVer
since 0.4.0 and are no longer in sync with `miniirc` until `miniirc_discord`
becomes more stable.

### Manual installation

To install `miniirc_discord` manually, you can usually place it in the same
directory as your other `.py` files or in a package directory.

You will need to install the following dependencies (normally with `pip3`):
 - `discord.py`
 - `miniirc`

## Getting a bot token

To get a Discord bot token and invite link, see [this guide].

[GitHub]:       https://github.com/luk3yx/miniirc
[GitLab]:       https://gitlab.com/luk3yx/miniirc
[Discord]:      https://discordapp.com
[discord.py]:   https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py
[this guide]:   https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token
